Document Duco daily write limit in system information (#45827)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/duco.markdown

> The Duco device has reached its daily write limit. Try again tomorrow.

> If you see this message, you can verify the current limit status under **Settings** > **System** > **Repairs**. Open the {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu in the top-right corner, select **System information**, and review the Duco section.

Author: Addressed in 65962e8df6. I shortened the introductory paragraph to a single sentence and kept the detailed navigation in the Resolution steps only.

#### Description

> The Duco box enforces a daily API write limit of 200 write requests. When the limit is reached, the box rejects further write requests until the quota resets around midnight.

Author: Addressed in 65962e8df6. I aligned both references to the reset timing to use `shortly after midnight`.

#### Resolution

1. Under **Settings** > **System** > **Repairs**, open the {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu in the top-right corner.
2. Select **System information**.

> 3. Review the Duco section to confirm that the daily write limit has been reached.

Author: Addressed in 65962e8df6. I shortened the introductory paragraph to a single sentence and kept the detailed navigation in the Resolution steps only.

> 4. Wait until the next day for the quota to reset.

Author: Addressed in 65962e8df6. I aligned both references to the reset timing to use `shortly after midnight`.

> 5. To avoid hitting the limit, reduce the frequency of automations that change the ventilation state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if the daily write limit has been reached. 
   - Under **Settings** > **System** > **Repairs**, open the {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu in the top-right corner.
   - Select **System information**.
   - In the Duco section, you should see if the daily write limit has been reached.
2. If the limit has been reached, wait until shortly after midnight for the quota to reset.
3. To avoid hitting the limit again, reduce the frequency of automations that change the ventilation state.
```
